the Cubs practice tackling each other
one day a trip kick will bring down prey
they still have problems recognizing
just what is pray things that run away
cry out to be chased but a mongoose can
perform a vanishing trick and the
illusion of popping up from nowhere but
they have an even better trick it's a
game that plays with numbers they band
together and conjure up a huge sinuous
creature a super organism too big to
mess with then as quickly as it formed
the creature fragments before her eyes
as the day heats up they compete for
shade filling every available space
their bodies trace a living imprint of
the tree
unlike the females pride males are not
necessarily related and there's no real
leader they formed their Brotherhood
before they took over the pride he marks
his territory with a musky blend of
urine and sent a pungent calling card to
both rivals and other pride members his
huge mane
maybe a handicap that prevents him from
helping in the hunt but in courtship
size matters females prefer big Mane's
they often make the first move he needs
to be careful in case she turns he uses
the same scruff hold as a mother
carrying cups this time he was lucky